README.md, before:

# Gainor Bostwick's Portfolio

# BUGS
1. ~~Fix direct routing with React Router in Prod~~
2.  ~~Fix sidebar grid layout (Stretching)~~
3. ~~Smooth Scroll on Mobile view~~
4. Changelog page's width

# TODO
1.  ~~Setup Firebase~~
2.  ~~Include Filters for skills~~
3.  ~~Case studies~~
4. ~~Favicon~~
5. ~~A page that uses a query param to build a page that displays projects with that technology~~
6. ~~On Case Study Page, implement a next project or previous project selector~~
7. ~~Filter Project by skill~~
8. ~~Loading component~~
9. ~~Modal for Image Preview~~
10. ~~Provide AutoComplete when doing Work and Skills search~~
11. ~~Timestamp EXPERIENCE so it can automatically be sorted instead of using Strings for date~~
12. ~~For technical Skills, create a tally for the amount of projects using each skill~~
13. Get recommendations from LinkedIn API
14. ~~Context API~~
15. Need to implement some type of state management to track, HOT TECH.
16. Visualize data?
17. Google Analytics

# FEATURES
1.  ~~Redux? 🤔~~
2. LazyLoading?
3. Code Split?

# TAKE A SECOND LOOK
1.  Accessibility
2.  ~~AutoFocus input field when in view~~
3.  ~~When performing skill search, prevent "jumpiness".~~
4.  ~~Responsiveness~~

Commit message:

dropdown bookmarks on case study page

README.md, after:

# Gainor Bostwick's Portfolio

# BUGS
1. ~~Fix direct routing with React Router in Prod~~
2.  ~~Fix sidebar grid layout (Stretching)~~
3. ~~Smooth Scroll on Mobile view~~
4. Changelog page's width
5. Buttons on CaseStudy page aren't clickable in Firefox

# TODO
1.  ~~Setup Firebase~~
2.  ~~Include Filters for skills~~
3.  ~~Case studies~~
4. ~~Favicon~~
5. ~~A page that uses a query param to build a page that displays projects with that technology~~
6. ~~On Case Study Page, implement a next project or previous project selector~~
7. ~~Filter Project by skill~~
8. ~~Loading component~~
9. ~~Modal for Image Preview~~
10. ~~Provide AutoComplete when doing Work and Skills search~~
11. ~~Timestamp EXPERIENCE so it can automatically be sorted instead of using Strings for date~~
12. ~~For technical Skills, create a tally for the amount of projects using each skill~~
13. Get recommendations from LinkedIn API
14. ~~Context API~~
15. Need to implement some type of state management to track, HOT TECH.
16. Visualize data?
17. Google Analytics

# FEATURES
1.  ~~Redux? 🤔~~
2. LazyLoading?
3. Code Split?

# TAKE A SECOND LOOK
1.  Accessibility
2.  ~~AutoFocus input field when in view~~
3.  ~~When performing skill search, prevent "jumpiness".~~
4.  ~~Responsiveness~~
